Add app lock notify commands (#809)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/notifications/commands.md

| `title` | `intent_uri` |

## App lock

![Android](/assets/android.svg) <span class='beta'>BETA</span>

To take control of an Android companion app's security Users can alter the app lock settings using `message: command_app_lock`. All settings related to the app lock can be configured in a single command. The following settings are accessible through the notify command:

| Parameter | Type | Description |
|---------|---------|--------|

> | `app_lock_enabled` | boolean | Wether the biometric / screenlock will be enabled |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `app_lock_enabled` | boolean | Whether the biometric / screen lock will be enabled |
```

| `app_lock_timeout` | integer | Session timeout in seconds |

> | `home_bypass_enabled` | boolean | Wether the lock is bypassed when connected to home WiFi |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `home_bypass_enabled` | boolean | Whether the lock is bypassed when connected to home WiFi |
```
